The Impossible Warehouse Native question (#14815)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-eppo-alternatives.mdx

-   Eppo is warehouse-native, meaning that it integrates with your existing data tools like Snowflake or Postgres.

> -   PostHog offers an integrated data warehouse that enables warehouse-native workflows across other PostHog tools, such as analytics, feature flags, and surveys. This eliminates the need to stitch multiple tools together and provides a single platform for storing and working with data. Alternatively, you can ingest data from an external warehouse, such as Snowflake, and run queries on PostHog compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   PostHog offers an integrated data warehouse that allows you to use modeled warehouse data across other PostHog tools, such as analytics, feature flags, and surveys. This eliminates the need to stitch multiple tools together and provides a single platform for storing and working with data. Alternatively, you can ingest data from an external warehouse, such as Snowflake, and run queries on PostHog compute.
```
